---
layout: post
title: "80 Percent"
date: 2012-08-30 06:32:47
---

There is an old saying in the industry, "the first 80% of the work takes 80% of the time and last 20% of the work takes the last 80% of the time."  While you've probably not heard those exact words, you probably have heard something like it.  I think that's why as programmers it's so hard to estimate time.  We simply say it's just a `$ rails g scaffold ...` slap some css on the pages then `$ git push heroku master`.

But, it's never that easy.  There is always that edge case that keeps the product from shipping.  That one last feature to add.  Why can't we just take into account the extra time we know we're going to spend on the project?

Bugs play a huge role in the last 20% of work.  It's also adding the couple of features that will make the product that much better, then testing, and more bugs, and more testing, and more bugs, and more testing, and... Well, you get the point.

For me deadlines are a huge motivating factor.  There doesn't even have to be a positive or negative reward for meeting or missing the deadline.  It all comes down to motivation.  A deadline creates a sence of urgency.  It keeps my mind from wandering to the next project and that really cool problem that will need to be solved.  It can get painfull.  After hours of running tests I don't know who wouldn't want to throw in the towel, but there is a deadline.

For me, all-nighters are a nessisary evil.  I've over commited and now something needs to get done.  Caffeen is flowing freely and the music is thumping.  It's the last 5% and it needs to get done tonight.  Why I couldn't have bid just a day longer, I'll never know.

Hi, I'm Skylar, and the last %20 of a project nearly kills me.
