---
layout: post
title: "Future Me"
date: 2013-08-01 10:43:04
---

A few months ago I was at [CocoaConf](http://cocoaconf.com/) in San Jose.  After a session, I was chatting with a few other developers, and someone said something that I find extremely true.

> There are three people in each line of code you write.

> There is __current you__.  He's pissed at __past you__ for the all the dumb ideas and rookie mistakes.  Current you is also doing everything he can to not piss off __future you__.

I couldn't agree more.  One thing I can't get over is how bad my *old* code is.  I'm learning something new every day.  Making things cleaner simpler and hopefully with fewer bugs.  But it's hard not to look back at the old things I have written and not puke just a little in my mouth.

One of these examples is from the second app I ever wrote.  I was just learning Objective-C and wrote a little app that I wanted.  One screen that help me convert video sizes while keeping the correct aspect ratio.  I spent weeks on it.  Making sure every little thing was right, and it was bad…

I recently decided I just wanted to *ship something*.  Didn't matter what, so out came a very old Xcode project.  When I opened that project I wept.  It was SO bad.  Words can not describe how bad it was.  My only logical option was to immediately reformat the SSD and throw the laptop into the ocean.  But cooler heads prevailed.  I simply started from scratch.  

That project that took several weeks a few years ago, took just shy of 5 hours this time.  The app defiantly isn't going to pay for my early retirement, or even a tank of gas for that matter.  But it was a good barometer for gauging just how much I've learned.  I got to try something new and ship something. All in all it was a good afternoon.

I did everything I could to not piss of future me, but I hope when I open that project again I want to rewrite it.  To me that means I'm still learning, and improving.  I never want to stop learning.