---
layout: post
title: "iPhone 5s"
date: 2013-09-20 13:17:23
---

I will start out by saying that if this makes no sense, it's because I'm writing it on about 2 hours of sleep last night.  So here goes.

Last night, just a few minutes after midnight, my brain decided it didn't want to let me sleep anymore.  Just a few short hours into a already short night, my glorious slumber was ended.  After seeing if the iPhone 5s was available to order for in store pickup, and coming away disappointed, my sleep deprived brain decided to drive to the Apple store in Carlsbad and wait in line.

By 1:15am I was in line.  The line wasn't long by any means, but I was there with 6 3/4 hours to go before doors open.  Taking a seat on the hard ground of the parking lot was the only option.  Scumbag brain forgot to grab a chair before leaving the house.  I got some work done, chatted with my new line friends and at 8:15 I had a new iPhone.

I've been using iOS 7 for a while so the software was old hat.  But the hardware…

Touch ID is magic.  I don't know how they do it, but it's fantastic.  There are some cases when it doesn't recognize but that's mostly been solved by retraining a finger.  I have caught myself multiple times still swiping to unlock and hitting the passcode screen.  It's just a habit that will have to be broken, and isn't any fault of the technology.

THe camera's burst mode is freaking cool.  And slow-mo, yep cool.  I don't know if I'll ever take more than a few videos but it's nice to have the option.  The ramping effect that can be easily applied adds a nice touch.

I didn't know how I would feel about the double flash, but so far it hasn't bothered me.  There haven't been any opportunities to perform a fair test, but the colors when using the flash seem to be less terrible. 

Over all I'm very happy with the phone in the first few hours.