---
layout: post
title: "Downtime"
date: 2013-06-01 20:52:52
---

The whir of my Federation Navy Hobgoblins ever presence, giving me a since of security not readily found in the deep reaches of New Eden.  A quiet Saturday afternoon, Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back playing on Spike, I figured it was a good time to login to Eve Online and get some mining done.

After a few cycles of my Strip Miners I was unceremoniously kicked offline with the "socket was closed" error that every capsuleer dreads.  I wasn't in combat and in highsec so it was more of an inconvenience than a danger to my ship left floating in asteroid belt.  I checked the router and modem and they were reporting no problems.  "Not a big deal, probably just some interference with the satellite internet."  I've been grumbling that to my self much more than I would like.

After a few failed connections it was time to dig into the problem.  Internet was working, and a quick ping of the Tranquility server returned 98% packet loss.  It's not on my end.  A quick Twitter search revealed others were having login woes.  The last tweet from the Eve Twitter account was more than 14 hours ago.  "Crap."

About an hour passed with no 100% packet loss to Tranquility.  EveOnline.com was down to.  Not a thing.  CCP accounts completely silent.

"[The Tranquility cluster has been taken offline in order to enable us to investigate some network issues. Check here for updates. #eveonline](https://twitter.com/EveOnline/status/341037927624736770)"

Finally.  Some official word.  Not a word since.

For now I'm just going to sit here, watching Star Wars and hitting ping, over and over.