---
layout: post
title: "Mailbox"
date: 2014-04-21 21:14:18
---

[Mailbox][0] got a "major" update today.  And they crapped all over it.

2.0 brought revolutionary features like _Dropbox Sync_ and _bug fixes_.  Seriously, that's 66% of what's new in 2.0.  The other 33% is _Auto-swipe_, and I have no idea how it works.  There is some stuff in settings for it, but no options/instructions to set it up.  So I wont get into that.

My experience so far has been piss poor.

Launched Mailbox, that said I had 2 new messages.  Except iOS has auto updated the app.  A "Login with Dropbox" screen was the only thing that greeted me.  _Sigh_.  I knew this day would come.  So I tried to sign into Dropbox.  Guess what, Dropbox for business isn't supported.

After a long dance of creating account and getting it linked, and having it stomp on some data on my laptop.  (Not a big deal, I've got a backup. But still.)  Signing in with Dropbox with complete, I was expecting to see my inbox, and I was wrong.  After the getting started I had the joy of entering in all my email addresses and passwords.

I've been a Mailbox user ever since 1.0, and I honestly can't remember a single crash.  I'm 30 minutes into 2.0 and there have been 3 crashes.

Email is a big scary thing.  It's complicated, and people depend on it every day.  Mailbox has helped me keep my inbox clean, and it has become my reminders app.  It took a while before I trusted Mailbox with reminding me about important tasks.  That trust has been shattered.  The first thing I did after getting access to all my accounts again?  Creating todos in a trusted application for the "remind me later" items in Mailbox.

I'm going to keep using Mailbox.  Only because there isn't anything that comes close to being as good as Mailbox was.  Time will tell if that gap narrows.  Either by trailing competition catching up, or Mailbox dropping off.

[0]: http://www.mailboxapp.com